OSSMDOC-472: Make NetworkPolicy optional. (#41402)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-config-disable-networkpolicy.adoc

////

[id="ossm-config-disable-networkpolicy_{context}"]
= Disabling automatic creation of network policies

> If you want to disable the automatic creation and management of `NetworkPolicies` resources, for example to enforce company security policies, you can do so.  You can edit the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` to set the `spec.security.manageNetworkPolicy` setting to `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to disable the automatic creation and management of `NetworkPolicy` resources, for example to enforce company security policies, or to allow direct access to pods in the mesh, you can do so.  You can edit the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` and set `spec.security.manageNetworkPolicy` to `false`
```

When you disable `spec.security.manageNetworkPolicy` {ProductName} will not create *any* `NetworkPolicy` objects.  The system administrator is responsible for managing the network and fixing any issues this might cause.
====

.Prerequisites

* {ProductName} Operator version 2.1.1 or higher installed.

> * `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource updated to version 2.1.1 or higher.

Reviewer 2: SMCP's version is in the form `v2.0`, `v2.1`, etc. So this statement could be reworded to something like:

`ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource updated to version `v2.1`.

.Procedure

. In the {product-title} web console, click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

> . Select the project where you installed the control plane, for example `istio-system`, from the *Project* menu.

Reviewer 2: Remove the `trust:` line in the snippet below.
